docs(docs): unify the style of property type presentation (#17177)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/popover.md

| Name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                              | Type            | Accepted Values                                                                                           | Default                                                                    |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | trigger                   | how the popover is triggered                                                                                                                                             | `string`          | `click/focus/hover/contextmenu`                                                                             | hover                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| trigger                   | how the popover is triggered                                                                                                                                             | `string`          | ^[enum]`'click' \| 'focus' \| 'hover' \| 'contextmenu'`                                                                             | hover                                                                      |
```

| content                   | popover content, can be replaced with a default `slot`                                                                                                                   | `string`          | —                                                                                                         | —                                                                          |
| width                     | popover width                                                                                                                                                            | `string` / `number` | —                                                                                                         | Min width 150px                                                            |

> | placement                 | popover placement                                                                                                                                                        | `string`          | `top`/`top-start`/`top-end`/`bottom`/`bottom-start`/`bottom-end`/`left`/`left-start`/`left-end`/`right`/`right-start`/`right-end` | bottom                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| placement                 | popover placement                                                                                                                                                        | `string`          | ^[enum]`'top' \| 'top-start' \| 'top-end' \| 'bottom' \| 'bottom-start' \| 'bottom-end' \| 'left' \| 'left-start' \| 'left-end' \| 'right' \| 'right-start' \| 'right-end' \| 'bottom'`                                                                     |
```
